A people free to choose will always choose peace.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants.
It is far better to be alone, than to be in bad company.
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose.
In preparing for battle I have always found that plans are useless, but planning is indispensable.
Knowledge will forever govern ignorance
The finest steel has to go through the hottest fire.
Our Constitution was made only for a moral and religious people.
If you live long enough you'll make mistakes. But if you learn from them you'll be a better person.
It's how you handle adversity, not how it affects you. The main thing is never quit.
Older men declare war. But it is the youth that must fight and die.
In the time of darkest defeat, victory may be nearest.
The truth will set you free, but first it will make you miserable.
A king without power is an absurdity.
A government big enough to give you everything you want is a government big enough to take from you everything you have.
Don't write so that you can be understood, write so that you can't be misunderstood.
America's present need is not heroics but healing; not nostrums but normalcy; not revolution but restoration.
It's easier to do a job right, than to explain why you didn't
A little flattery will support a man through great fatigue
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed
Ninety-nine percent of failures come from people who make excuses
The harder the conflict, the greater the triumph
The advancement and diffusion of knowledge is the only guardian of true liberty
If tyranny and oppression come to this land it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy
It's amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit
Great lives never go out; they go on
Honesty is the first chapter of the book wisdom
On matters of style, swim with the current, on matters of principle, stand like a rock
Conformity is the jailer of freedom and the enemy of growth
One person can make a difference, and everyone should try
Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your year
Leave nothing for tomorrow which can be done today
Whatever you are, be a good one
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power
Live simply, love generously, care deeply, speak kindly, leave the rest to God
What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog
Never question another man's motive. His wisdom, yes, but not his motives
Never waste a minute thinking about people you don't like
We all do better when we work together. Our differences do matter, but our common humanity matters more
When our memories outweigh our dreams, it is then that we become old
Words without actions are the assassins of idealism
Be patient and calm; no one can catch a fish with anger
You don't know what you can miss before you try
Try and fail, but don't fail to try
When we assumed the Soldier, we did not lay aside the Citizen.
Every post is honorable in which a man can serve his country.
Few men have virtue to withstand the highest bidder.
Example, whether it be good or bad, has a powerful influence.
Arbitrary power is most easily established on the ruins of liberty abused to licentiousness.
[T]he motives which predominate most in human affairs is self-love and self-interest.
Liberty, when it begins to take root, is a plant of rapid growth.
To be prepared for war is one of the most effectual means of preserving peace.
It is better to offer no excuse than a bad one.
It is infinitely better to have a few good men than many indifferent ones.
There can be no greater error than to expect or calculate upon real favors from nation to nation.
Harmony, liberal intercourse with all nations, are recommended by policy, humanity, and interest.
I cannot tell a lie, I did it with my little hatchet.
What students would learn in American schools above all is the religion of Jesus Christ.
It is impossible to rightly govern the world without God and the Bible.
We had quitters during the Revolution too... we called them Kentuckians.
Make sure you are doing what God wants you to do--then do it with all your strength.
While Washington's a watchword, such as ne'er Shall sink while there's an echo left to air.
There are few people in this world with whom I can converse.
A pen is certainly an excellent instrument to fix a man's attention and to inflame his ambition.
Virtue is not always amiable. Integrity is sometimes ruined by prejudices and by passions.
It is folly to anticipate evils, and madness to create imaginary ones.
If you were a tear in my eyes l would not cry for I risk losing you.
There is, in the human Breast, a social Affection, which extends to our whole Species.
I agree with you that in politics the middle way is none at all.
Let them revere nothing but religion, morality and liberty.
A government of laws, and not of men.
When annual elections end, there slavery begins.
You will never be alone with a poet in your pocket.
Thanks be to God, that he gave me Stubborness, when I know I am right.
Children should be educated and instructed in the principles of freedom.
What other form of government, indeed, can so well deserve our esteem and love?
I had heard my father say that he never knew a piece of land run away or break.
Our obligations to our country never cease but with our lives.
You and I ought not to die before we have explained ourselves to each other.
Can a free government possibly exist with the Roman Catholic religion?
Slavery in this Country I have seen hanging over it like a black cloud for half a century...
Old minds are like old horses; you must exercise them if you wish to keep them in working order.
Let those flatter, who fear: it is not an American art.
No freeman shall be debarred the use of arms [within his own lands].
The whole art of government consists in the art of being honest.
Our liberty depends on the freedom of the press, and that cannot be limited without being lost.
Paper is poverty,... it is only the ghost of money, and not money itself.
The natural progress of things is for liberty to yield, and government to gain ground.
I believe the Indian then to be in body and mind equal to the white man.
We are not to expect to be translated from despotism to liberty in a featherbed.
Timid men prefer the calm of despotism to the tempestuous sea of liberty.
Delay is preferable to error.
No government ought to be without censors; and where the press is free no one ever will.
We confide in our strength, without boasting of it; we respect that of others, without fearing it.
One loves to possess arms, though they hope never to have occasion for them.
The second office of the government is honorable and easy, the first is but a splendid misery.
As pure a son of liberty as I have ever known.
Commerce with all nations, alliance with none, should be our motto.
There is no act, however virtuous, for which ingenuity may not find some bad motive.
Blest is that nation whose silent course of happiness furnishes nothing for history to say.
Knowing that religion does not furnish grosser bigots than law, I expect little from old judges.
Politics, like religion, hold up the torches of martyrdom to the reformers of error.
But though an old man, I am but a young gardener.
[I]f ever there was a holy war, it was that which saved our liberties and gave us independence.
I cannot live without books.
When public opinion changes, it is with the rapidity of thought.
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past, -- so good night!
I believe... that every human mind feels pleasure in doing good to another.
What all agree upon is probably right; what no two agree in most probably is wrong.
You say you are a Calvinist. I am not. I am of a sect by myself, as far as I know.
The earth belongs to the living, not to the dead.
Yet the hour of emancipation is advancing, in the march of time. It will come.
...the more a subject is understood, the more briefly it may be explained.
That one hundred and fifty lawyers should do business together ought not to be expected.
Let the eye of vigilance never be closed.
Were we directed from Washington when to sow and when to reap, we should soon want bread.
The doctrines of Jesus are simple, and tend all to the happiness of man.
There is not a truth existing which I fear or would wish unknown to the whole world.
Good wine is a necessity of life for me.
I am an enemy to all banks discounting bills or notes for anything but coin.
There can be no safer deposit on earth than the Treasury of the United States.
There is not a sprig of grass that shoots uninteresting to me.
Another of my wishes is to depend as little as possible on the labor of slaves.
Where slavery exists, the republican theory becomes still more fallacious.
Enlightened statesmen will not always be at the helm.
Ambition must be made to counteract ambition.
The truth is that all men having power ought to be mistrusted.
An advisory Govt. is a contradiction in terms.
Slavery is, as you justly complain, a sad blot on our free country.
Religion & Govt. will both exist in greater purity, the less they are mixed together.
National honor is the national property of the highest value.
This is the last of Earth! I am content.
La molesse est doce, et sa suite est cruelle.
Desperate courage makes One a majority.
The bank, Mr. Van Buren, is trying to kill me, but I will kill it.
Our Federal Union! It must be preserved!
Heaven will be no heaven to me if I do not meet my wife there.
It is a damn poor mind indeed which can't think of at least two ways to spell any word.
Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in.
You are uneasy; you never sailed with me before, I see.
The strongest of all governments is that which is most free.
The only legitimate right to govern is an express grant of power from the governed.
Patronage is the sword and cannon by which war may be made on the liberty of the human race.
Wealth can only be accumulated by the earnings of industry and the savings of frugality.
Foreign powers do not seem to appreciate the true character of our Government.
The world has nothing to fear from military ambition in our Government.
Thank God, under our Constitution there was no connection between church and state.
With me it is emphatically true that the presidency is no bed of roses.
An honorable defeat is better than a dishonorable victory.
May God save the country, for it is evident that the people will not.
You have summoned me in my weakness. You must sustain me by your strength.
What is right and what is practicable are two different things.
I am mighty near one.
Military glory, -- that attractive rainbow that rises in showers of blood.
Determine that the thing can and shall be done, and then we shall find the way.
The better part of one's life consists of his friendships.
Will springs from the two elements of moral sense and self-interest.
The negative principle that no law is free law, is not much known except among lawyers.
Will springs from the two elements of moral sense and self-interest.
I have always hated slavery, I think as much as any Abolitionist.
More rogues than honest men find shelter under habeas corpus
Mr. Clay, during my whole political life, I have loved and revered as a teacher and leader.
The Confederacy stands for slavery and the Union for freedom.
The severest justice may not always be the best policy.
Beware of rashness, but with energy and sleepless vigilance go forward and give us victories.
I am a slow walker, but I never walk back.
Truth is generally the best vindication against slander.
Without slavery the rebellion could never have existed; without slavery it could not continue.
No, leave it as a monument.
The Lord prefers common-looking people. That is why he made so many of them.
Without the military help of the black freedman, the war against the South could not have been won.
I cannot bring myself to believe that any human being lives who would do me any harm.
All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother.
It's my experience that folks who have no vices have generally very few virtues.
What is to be, will be, and no prayers of ours can arrest the decree.
I have always found that mercy bears richer fruits than strict justice.
All through life, be sure and put your feet in the right place, and then stand firm.
Force is all-conquering, but its victories are short-lived.
When I do good I feel good, when I do bad I feel bad, and that's my religion.
I don't know who my grandfather was; I am much more concerned to know what his grandson will be.
So you're the little woman who wrote the book that made this great war!
He can compress the most words into the smallest ideas of any man I ever met.
I do not think much of a man who is not wiser today than he was yesterday.
I never tire of reading Tom Paine.
Folks are usually about as happy as they make their minds up to be.
The people will save their government, if the government itself will allow them.
Do I not destroy my enemies when I make them my friends?
I do not like that man. I must get to know him better.
Whenever you hear a man prating about the Constitution, spot him as a traitor.
There are no good laws but such as repeal other laws.
No, gentlemen, if I am to be shot at, I want no man to be in the way of the bullet.
The goal to strive for is a poor government but a rich people.
My lord, I have heard that your father was a military man. Was that the case?
I only know two tunes. One is Yankee Doodle, and the other one isn't.
The will of the people is the best law.
You must take it; I cannot live with anything in my possession that is not mine.
Pete, let us have another game of brag, to recall the days that were so pleasant.
I don't know why black skin may not cover a true heart as well as a white one.
No terms except an unconditional and immediate surrender can be accepted.
God gave us Lincoln and Liberty, let us fight for both.
I propose to fight it out on this line, if it takes all summer.
Wherever the enemy goes let our troops go also.
Let us have peace.
Labor disgraces no man; unfortunately you occasionally find men disgrace labor.
I never wanted to get out of a place as much as I did to get out of the presidency.
Wars produce many stories of fiction, some of which are told until they are believed to be true.
I have never been in a fight where the situation wasn't desperate at one point, colonel.
We have taken our last backwards step.
If we don't admit defeat, we're not defeated.
I'm not near the drinker some people would like to believe.
We've won the war. Now you have to lead us out of it.
Mister President. Win or lose, we'll keep hitting.
Do you see me as a monster?
The melancholy thing in our public life is the insane desire to get higher.
Virtue is defined to be mediocrity, of which either extreme is vice.
I am a freeman and jolly as a beggar.
Conscience is the authentic voice of God to you.
One of the tests of the civilization of people is the treatment of its criminals.
I would rather be beaten in Right than succeed in Wrong.
I believe in God, and I trust myself in His hands.
I mean to make myself a man, and if I succeed in that, I shall succeed in everything else.
The President is the last person in the world to know what the people really want and think.
I have had many troubles, but the worst of them never came.
If hard work is not another name for talent, it is the best possible substitute for it.
If any theories or opinions of mine can be damaged by facts, so much the worse for my theories.
A pound of pluck is worth a ton of luck.
The chief duty of government is to keep the peace and stand out of the sunshine of the people.
The lesson of History is rarely learned by the actors themselves.
The ideal college is Mark Hopkins on one end of a log and a student on the other.
I will not vote against the truths of the multiplication table.
Things don't turn up in this world until somebody turns them up.
I am a poor hater.
The possession of great powers, no doubt, carries with it a contempt for mere external show.
Few men in our history have ever obtained the Presidency by planning to obtain it.
All free governments are managed by the combined wisdom and folly of the people.
There never can be a convention... that shall bind my vote against my will on any question whatever.
I thank you doctor, but I am a dead man.
I love to deal with doctrines and events. The contests of men about men I greatly dislike.
My God! What is there in this place that a man should ever want to get into it?
It is not manly to lie even about Satan.
I would rather be defeated than make capital out of my religion.
The office of the Vice-President is a greater honor than I ever dreamed of attaining.
Honors to me now are not what they once were.
Experience has shown that the trade of the East is the key to national wealth and influence.
Men may die, but the fabric of our free institutions remains unshaken.
Madam, I may be President of the United States, but my private life is nobody's damn business.
I'm only waiting for my wife to grow up.
I have considered the pension list of the republic a roll of honor.
Party honesty is party expediency.
What is the use of being elected or re-elected unless you stand for something?
I have tried so hard to do the right.
The ship of Democracy, which has weathered all storms, may sink through the mutiny of those aboard.
We Americans have no commission from God to police the world.
As president of the United States, I was present, at the first pan-American congress.
War should never be entered upon until every agency of peace has failed.
We need Hawaii just as much and a good deal more than we did California. It is manifest destiny.
The mission of the United States is one of benevolent assimilation.
Our differences are policies; our agreements, principles.
Expositions are the timekeepers of progress.
I could not have told where those damned islands were within 2,000 miles.
The light has gone out of my life.
There is a curse on this house.
I'm as strong as a bull moose and you can use me to the limit.
I can be President of the United States, or I can control Alice. I cannot possibly do both.
The government is us; we are the government, you and I.
Let us speak courteously, deal fairly, and keep ourselves armed and ready.
It is no use to preach to [children] if you do not act decently yourself.
The only man who makes no mistakes is the man who never does anything.
To any nation that stands for human liberties, they have an Ally in the United States.
Power invariably means both responsibility and danger.
I suppose my critics will call that preaching, but I have got such a bully pulpit!
It is true of the Nation, as of the individual, that the greatest doer must also be a great dreamer.
We stand at Armageddon and we battle for the Lord.
There can be no greater issue than that of conservation in this country.
If I must choose between righteousness and peace I choose righteousness.
I have a perfect horror of words that are not backed up by deeds.
I have already lived and enjoyed as much life as any nine other men I have known.
A vote is like a rifle: its usefulness depends upon the character of the user.
The name Roosevelt has this legendary force in our country at this time.
Death had to take him in his sleep, for if he was awake there'd have been a fight.
You must always remember that the president is about six.
Must be President some day. A man you can't cajole, can't frighten, can't buy.
The welfare of the farmer is vital to that of the whole country.
We are all imperfect. We can not expect perfect government.
Anti-Semitism is a noxious weed that should be cut out. It has no place in America.
The truth is that in my present life I don't remember that I ever was president.
The world is not going to be saved by legislation.
Politics, when I am in it, makes me sick.
Presidents come and go, but the Supreme Court goes on forever.
Enthusiasm for a cause sometimes warps judgment.
It is getting to be harder to run a constitution than to frame one.
The ear of the leader must ring with the voices of the people.
Uncompromising thought is the luxury of the closeted recluse.
The only reason I read a book is because I cannot see and converse with the man who wrote it.
Prosperity ... is necessarily the first theme of a political campaign.
Liberty is its own reward.
If you think too much about being re-elected, it is very difficult to be worth re-electing.
You cannot be friends upon any other terms than upon the terms of equality.
I am going to teach the South American republics to elect good men.
The way to stop financial joy-riding is to arrest the chauffeur, not the automobile.
No nation is fit to sit in judgment upon any other nation.
There is such thing as a man being too proud to fight.
No man that does not see visions will ever realize any high hope or undertake any high enterprise.
We have stood apart, studiously neutral.
America cannot be an ostrich with its head in the sand.
If you want to make enemies, try to change something.
Loyalty means nothing unless it has at its heart the absolute principle of self-sacrifice.
Once lead this people into war and they will forget there ever was such a thing as tolerance.
The supreme test of the nation has come. We must all speak, act, and serve together!
Well, nothing was ever done so systematically as nothing is being done now.
Friendship is the only cement that will ever hold the world together.
Conservatism is the policy of making no changes and consulting your grandmother when in doubt.
This war, in its inception was a commercial and industrial war. It was not a political war.
The seed of revolution is repression.
The man who is swimming against the stream knows the strength of it.
Armed neutrality, it now appears, is impracticable.
The highest and best form of efficiency is the spontaneous cooperation of a free people.
Gossips are only sociologists upon a mean and petty scale.
I am not fit for this office and should never have been here.
It is much more important to kill bad bills than to pass good ones.
There is no right to strike against the public safety by anybody, anywhere, any time.
There is no substitute for a militant freedom. The only alternative is submission and slavery.
Those who do not want to be partakers of the American spirit ought not to settle in America.
The Constitution is the sole source and guaranty of national freedom.
What we need is not more Federal government, but better local government.
I do not choose to run for President in 1928.
It is not industry, but idleness, that is degrading.
That man has offered me unsolicited advice for six years, all of it bad!
The words of a President have an enormous weight and ought not to be used indiscriminately.
I think the American people want a solemn ass as a President and I think I will go along with them.
There is far more danger of harm than there is hope of good in any radical changes.
But the pressure to speak is constant and intolerable. However, I resisted most of it.
Nothing is more dangerous to good government than great power in improper hands.
I feel I no longer fit in with these times.
Let me remind you that credit is the lifeblood of business, the lifeblood of prices and jobs.
A good many things go around in the dark besides Santa Claus.
Blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the national debt.
The thing I enjoyed most were visits from children. They did not want public office.
Being a politician is a poor profession. Being a public servant is a noble one.
Honor is not the exclusive property of any political party.
When there is a lack of honor in government, the morals of the whole people are poisoned.
About the time we can make the ends meet, somebody moves the ends.
I outlived the bastards.
I'm the only person of distinction who's ever had a depression named for him.
This is not a showman's job. I will not step out of character.
Prosperity cannot be restored by raids upon the public Treasury.
No country can squander itself to prosperity on the ruin of its taxpayers.
As a nation we must prevent hunger and cold to those of our people who are in honest difficulties.
Economic depression can not be cured by legislative action or executive pronouncement.
I pledge you, I pledge myself, to a new deal for the American people.
My friends, judge me by the enemies I have made.
If I prove a bad president, I will also likely to prove the last president.
Philosophy? I am a Christian and a Democrat. That's all.
The Nation that destroys its soil destroys itself.
Repetition does not transform a lie into a truth.
An American Government cannot permit Americans to starve.
It seems to me that the dedication of a library is in itself an act of faith.
We defend and we build a way of life, not for America alone, but for all mankind.
All free peoples are deeply impressed by the courage and steadfastness of the Greek nation.
We must be the great arsenal of Democracy.
The right to earn enough to provide adequate food and clothing and recreation;
The right of every family to a decent home;
The right to adequate medical care and the opportunity to achieve and enjoy good health;
The right to a good education.
If you treat people right they will treat you right -- ninety percent of the time.
Be sincere, be brief, be seated.
Are you laboring under the impression that I read these memoranda of yours? I can't even lift them.
Some of my best friends never agree with me politically.
I was the only calm one in the house. You see I've been shot at by experts.
It's a recession when your neighbor loses his job; it's a depression when you lose yours.
Whenever you have an efficient government you have a dictatorship.
I do not believe in shooting anything that cannot shoot back.
The only thing new in the world is the history you don't know.
I never gave anybody hell. I just told the truth and they think it's hell.
If a problem cannot be solved, enlarge it.
I'm going to command the whole shebang.
The chief of staff says I'm the guy.
Steady, Monty. You can't speak to me like that. I'm your boss.
The proudest human that walks the earth is a free American citizen.
The free individual has been justified as his own master; the state as his servant.
The hand of the aggressor is stayed by strength -- and strength alone.
May we never confuse honest dissent with disloyal subversion.
There is one thing about being President -- nobody can tell you when to sit down.
Change based on principle is progress. Constant change without principle becomes chaos.
The history of free men is never really written by chance-but by choice-their choice.
The only way to win the next world war is to prevent it.
If civilization is to survive, it must choose the rule of law.
Oh, goddammit, we forgot the silent prayer.
I do have one instruction for you, General. Do something about that damned football team.
I believe the only way to protect my own rights is to protect the rights of others.
Mob rule cannot be allowed to override the decisions of our courts.
A foundation of our American way of life is our national respect for law.
Freedom under law is like the air we breathe.
It is only as we govern ourselves that we are well-governed.
In preparing for battle, I have always found that plans are useless but planning is indispensable.
The Founders conceived government as the servant, not the master of the individual.
The government in Washington belongs to you.
We celebrate the past to awaken the future.
Somebody once said that Washington was a city of Northern charm and Southern efficiency.
We have become more and more not a nation of athletes but a nation of spectators.
We must use time as a tool, not as a couch.
And if there is one path above all others to war, it is the path of weakness and disunity.
Disarmament without checks is but a shadow -- and a community without law is but a shell.
Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable.
It's only when they join together in a forward movement that this country moves ahead...
The greater our knowledge increases the greater our ignorance unfolds.
When I was a Congressman I never realized how important Congress was, but now I do.
O God, thy sea is so great and my boat is so small.
Children are the world's most valuable resource and its best hope for the future.
Things don't just happen, they are made to happen.
We must never forget that art is not a form of propaganda; it is a form of truth.
This nation has tossed its cap over the wall of space, and we have no choice but to follow it.
This country cannot afford to be materially rich and spiritually poor.
As the idealism of our youth has served world peace, so can it serve the domestic tranquility.
For the unity of freedom has never relied on uniformity of opinion.
Certain other societies may respect the rule of force -- we respect the rule of law.
We must first bring others to see their own true interests better than they do today.
Secondly, what does justice require? In the end, it requires liberty.
The truth doesn't die. The desire for liberty cannot be fully suppressed.
Privilege is here, and with privilege goes responsibility.
I have a nice home, the office is close by, and the pay is good.
Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names.
I'm an idealist without illusions.
Eisenhower used to tell me that this place was a prison. I never felt freer.
Poverty must not be a bar to learning, and learning must offer an escape from poverty.
And I just want to tell you this -- we're in favor of a lot of things and we're against mighty few.
I do not find it easy to send the flower of our youth, our finest young men, into battle.
The purposeful many need not and will not bow to the willful few.
A people divided over the right to vote can never build a Nation united.
I'll have them _ voting Democratic for two hundred years.
A man is not finished when he's defeated. He's finished when he quits.
The American dream does not come to those who fall asleep.
I am now a Keynesian in economics.
I have never been a quitter.
Oh, when the President does it, that means that it is not illegal.
We may have created a Frankenstein ['s monster].
I can't ever say that, but I believe it.
What are our schools for if not for indoctrination against communism?
Tell the truth, work hard, and come to dinner on time.
He's the smartest guy in Congress, but he insists on voting his conscience instead of party.
America needed recovery, not revenge. The hate had to be drained and the healing begun.
We came from many roots, and we have many branches.
The length of one's days matters less than the love of one's family and friends.
We should live our lives as though Christ were coming this afternoon.
I can't deny I'm a better ex-president than I was a president.
America does not at the moment have a functioning democracy.
A tree's a tree. How many more do you need to look at?
Unemployment insurance is a pre-paid vacation for freeloaders.
I have a feeling that we are doing better in the war [in Vietnam] than the people have been told.
Welfare's purpose should be to eliminate, as far as possible, the need for its own existence.
Balancing the budget is like protecting your virtue , you have to learn how to say no.
If it's to be a bloodbath, let it be now. Appeasement is not the answer.
If Fascism Ever Comes to America, It Will Come in the Name of Liberalism.
All the waste in a year from a nuclear power plant can be stored under a desk.
Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.
I never knew anything above Cs.
Concentrated power has always been the enemy of liberty.
Peace is not the absence of conflict, but the ability to cope with conflict by peaceful means.
Yes, because for many years I was a Democrat.
The only way there could be war is if they start it; we're not going to start a war.
History teaches that wars begin when governments believe the price of aggression is cheap.
Preservation of our environment is not a liberal or conservative challenge, it's common sense.
I am not worried about the deficit. It is big enough to take care of itself.
You'd be surprised how much being a good actor pays off.
If you read the letter, you will find there is nothing wrong with it.
The real question today is not when human life begins, but, What is the value of human life?
I have only one thing to say to the tax increasers: Go ahead, make my day.
You can't be for big government, big taxes, and big bureaucracy and still be for the little guy.
It's true hard work never killed anyone, but I figure, why take the chance?
I'm not smart enough to lie.
Liberals fought poverty and poverty won.
We can't help everyone but everyone can help someone
Conservation means freezing in the dark.
We love your adherence to democratic principles and to the democratic process.
Think about every problem, every challenge, we face. The solution to each starts with education.
The American way of life is not up for negotiation. Period.
I will never apologize for the United States of America. Ever. I don't care what the facts are.
There is but one just use of power, and it is to serve people. Help us to remember it, Lord.
The road to tyranny, we must never forget, begins with the destruction of the truth.
We want to live forever, and we're getting there.
I end tonight where it all began for me: I still believe in a place called Hope.
We are fortunate to be alive at this moment in history.
Yesterday is yesterday. If we try to recapture it, we will only lose tomorrow.
I felt like a pickle stepping into history.
Strength and wisdom are not opposing values.
What are the needs of the world? What can I do that won't be done if I don't do it?
We need a steady stream of cash. The American people have been uncommonly generous.
There's never a perfect bipartisan bill in the eyes of a partisan.
It's a great thing about not being office--you can just say whatever you want.
The loss of trust is paralyzing.
Piece by piece, pushing that rock up the hill.
You don't get everything you want. A dictatorship would be a lot easier.
I've heard the call. I believe God wants me to run for President.
I'm a uniter, not a divider.
If the terriers and barriffs [sic] are torn down, this economy will grow.
[R]arely is the question asked: Are... is our children learning?
What we Republicans should stand for is growth in the economy. We ought to make the pie higher.
I think we agree, the past is over.
I care what 51 percent of the people think about me.
More and more of our imports come from overseas.
I will have a foreign-handed foreign policy.
I know the human being and the fish can coexist peacefully.
Families is where our nation finds hope, where wings take dream.
[M]y administration is committed to a leadership role on the issue of climate change.
My administration has a job to do and we're going to do it. We will rid the world of the evil-doers.
You are either with us or you are against us in the fight against terror.
We did not ask for this mission, but we will fulfill it.
I just want you to know that, when we talk about war, we're really talking about peace.
I love freedom of speech.
May God bless you all.
May God bless our country and all who defend her.
This is, above all, the age of liberty.
I want to be the peace president.
America would do it again for our friends.
The security of our world is found in the advancing rights of mankind.
The advance of liberty is the path to both a safer and better world.
Because free peoples believe in the future, free peoples will own the future.
To retreat before victory would be an act of recklessness and dishonor and I will not allow it.
Liberty can be delayed, but it cannot be denied.
Destroying human life in the hopes of saving human life is not ethical...
These issues call for vigorous debate; and I think it's fair to say we've answered the call.
I believe in justice, not revenge.
If you're chasing popularity, you're chasing a moment, you're chasing a puff of air.
My argument is keeping taxes low will encourage the private sector to create jobs.
All life is precious.
Freedom is universal.
I happen to be one of these guys that when you say something, you better mean it.
In other words, words can be empty and all that does is just reinforce the bad behavior of tyrants.
I believe that I benefit as a person and so do you, when you live under that call.
I'm interested in politics, but I'm out of politics. You know, I like to watch it.
We want to empower women and encourage women and to develop civil societies so women can benefit.
Freedom is a universal human desire... and a force for peace and prosperity in the world.
A generation on the verge of being lost, have been found.
The best way to help children is to help their mothers live long to raise them.
Universal human dignity, that unites our country.
A great nation does not hide its history. It faces its flaws and corrects them.
I'm for an immigration policy that's welcoming.
I trust God speaks through me. Without that, I couldn't do my job.
You know, my faith is one that admits some doubt.
No one is pro-abortion.
When I was a kid, I inhaled. Frequently. That was the point.
If they bring a knife to the fight, we bring a gun.
It was a creed written into the founding documents that declared the destiny of a nation.
Transparency and the rule of law will be the touchstones of this presidency.
Don't shortchange the future, because of fear in the present.
For peace to come, it is time for them - and all of us - to live up to our responsibilities.
We cannot disguise hostility towards any religion behind the pretence of liberalism.
A woman who is denied an education is denied equality.
Whether we like it or not, we remain a dominant military superpower...
I do think at a certain point you've made enough money.
The only people who don't want to disclose the truth are people with something to hide.
The presidency has a funny way of making a person feel the need to pray.
It is easy to get to a higher number when you are not asking anything difficult from yourself.
Human trafficking is not a business model, it is a crime, and we are going to stop it.
I'm not a particularly ideological person. There's things, some values I feel passionately about.
But I come here today, Berlin, to say complacency is not the character of great nations.
No amount of propaganda can make right something that the world knows is wrong.
Your experience cautions that progress is neither easy nor quick.
No religion is responsible for terrorism -- people are responsible for violence and terrorism.
The only certainty in war is human suffering, uncertain costs, unintended consequences.
The shadow of crisis has passed, and the State of the Union is strong.
We are a strong, tight-knit family who has made it through some very, very hard times.
Societies evolve based on new understandings and new science and new appreciation of who we are.
We can never say it often or loudly enough: Immigrants and refugees revitalize and renew America.
Real power means you can get what you want without having to exert violence.
Big nations should not bully smaller ones. Disputes should be resolved peacefully.
War, no matter what our intentions may be, brings suffering and tragedy.
No ally or adversary should ever doubt our strength and our resolve.
You cannot purchase people's consent through killing them.
Democracy is a garden that has to be tended.
We won't have a president that threatens people with jail for just criticizing him
I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present.
Sometimes it pays to be a little wild.
My philosophy is always to hire the best from the best.
Deal-making is an ability you're born with. It's in the genes.
The point is that you can't be too greedy.
Get in, get it done, get it done right, and get out.
In the end, you're measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish.
What I admire most are people who put themselves directly on the line.
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
I judge people based on their capability, honesty, and merit.
Our country, our people, and our laws have to be our top priority.
Citizenship is not a gift we can afford to keep giving away.
If you love what you do, you're happy. You don't take vacations.
It's time to shake the rust off America's foreign policy.
It's going to be like this. I'm not changing.
There can be no prosperity without law and order
Peace will be restored.
Reducing taxes will cause new companies and new jobs to come roaring back into our country.
I have loved my life in business.
We must break free from the petty politics of the past.
We must choose to Believe In America. History is watching us now.
I can't believe I'm saying I'm a politician.
We have to respect and cherish our police.
I'd never withdraw. I've never withdrawn in my life.
History is written by the dreamers, not the doubters.
Because in America people don't worship government. They worship God.